provisioning/README.md, before:

Ansible config
==============

This is a set of Ansible files to set up a working PHP development environment
on a Ubuntu 12.04 LTS machine (apache, mysql, php).

Ansible is an IT automation tool. It can configure systems, deploy software, and
orchestrate more advanced IT tasks such as continuous deployments or zero
downtime rolling updates.

Docs - http://www.ansibleworks.com/docs/


## Pre-requisite

To setup ansible, execute as root (or with sudo) `setup_ansible.sh`

make sure the `hosts` file is not executable to avoid a cryptic Ansible
error message


## Usage

    ansible-playbook -i hosts lamp.yml


## Info

Adminer, the database management tool, will be installed at http://localhost/adminer.php. see http://adminer.org

MySQL user is root and password is blank. This is not a production server, just a dev server to be accessed by the host machine.

If not using vagrant, the username/password combo to access the vm are: `vagrant/vagrant`


##  License

This code is open-sourced software licensed under the
[MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

move php 5.5 in a branch. Stick to default Ubuntu PHP on master branch (low maintenance)

provisioning/README.md, after:

Ansible config
==============

This is a set of Ansible files to set up a working PHP development environment
on a Ubuntu 12.04 LTS machine (apache, mysql, php).

Ansible is an IT automation tool. It can configure systems, deploy software, and
orchestrate more advanced IT tasks such as continuous deployments or zero
downtime rolling updates.

Docs - http://www.ansibleworks.com/docs/


## Pre-requisite

To setup ansible, execute as root (or with sudo) `setup_ansible.sh`

make sure the `hosts` file is not executable to avoid a cryptic Ansible
error message


## Usage

    ansible-playbook -i hosts lamp.yml


## PHP Version

The `master` branch is using the default Ubuntu PHP (5.3.x). 
A branch named `ubuntu1204-php55` is using a PPA to setup the latest version of php

## Info

Adminer, the database management tool, will be installed at http://localhost/adminer.php. see http://adminer.org

MySQL user is root and password is blank. This is not a production server, just a dev server to be accessed by the host machine.

If not using vagrant, the username/password combo to access the vm are: `vagrant/vagrant`


##  License

This code is open-sourced software licensed under the
[MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
